Sponsor of our release VKontakte group
to the cooking school there daily
lay out the most delicious recipes
link in the description you cry hands
cream and cook at the end of our video you
waiting for a competition for bathroom tubules need
250 grams of margarine
30 cups flour 250 grams of sugar for
cream we need 50 grams
powdered sugar 25 grams of corn flour
250 milliliters milk 2 yolks and
add to flavor you as for the second
boiled condensed milk filling
first make the dough for the straws on
low heat melt margarine
I want to advise you VKontakte group
which you can buy the best
covers
at the lowest prices link in the description
adding sugar and me
and everything is good mix
and add
and mix well too
Serve while the dough and attack took
one wing
2 yolks of powdered sugar and corn
brains along with
Let a little water, and again
mix
for me milk
add little to our mass
mix everything quickly and return the set
bring to the boil constantly
wipe everything through the center
until it cools down we will do the tubes
included warm up our form
putting the cream and quickly wrap up bye
hotter
Now
bon appetit but now like me
I promised to tell you the rules of the contest
how much is going on in the form then to 29
July we have two winners here which
will get any case on your phone from
online store of our sponsor
competition is only for my
subscribers so who else hasn't
subscribe subscribe
next we need to join my group
contacts and our sponsor's group
then it is possible to make a repost of this
video from my VKontakte group
to your page and fill out the form
understand will determine the winner also
rules and all links will be in the description
under the video and do not forget yourself valka
bye everyone
Hello everyone and I am with you again today
we will be with you
homemade racing cheese